Is it you?
I pulled it with my watch last night, did you see it?
This teacher is very important, get out of my way
What the hell can't be broken, I didn't see it
Tell you not to cause trouble with me
Or I'll kill you
Somebody throw him out for me
Wait a minute, I have something to ask the boy.
I ask you what is your relationship with that Chu Guohui?
What's your relationship with him?
I just what
Hahaha, is there anything wrong with the boy's brain?
Do you know the identity of Master Wan?
He is the eldest young master of Wanjia in the capital
Master Jie is worth a fortune
It's also who said you can touch porcelain
Maybe it's better for me to see you're fucking courting death
Stop it, boy, make it clear
You and Chu Guohui have known each other before
Or are you two related?
I'm not related to him
I am with you
Hahaha, real or fake?
Who are you to me?
I am your brother
Damn, even the little master dares to take advantage of me
Lao Tzu is still your father
I don't care what your relationship is with Chu Guohui
He hit me because of you
It's not that easy to calculate
Remove his two dog legs for me first and let me see
Miss Miss